Bug/347 changelog linefeeds (#348)
exasol/project-keeper: doc/changes/changes_2.6.2.md

# Project Keeper 2.6.2, released 2022-08-11

Code name: Empty dependency updates on windows platform

## Summary

> Fixed linfeeds in empty dependency updates on windows platform.  PK now suppresses the section "Dependency Updates" in case there are no dependency updates as initially requested in issue #343.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed linefeeds in empty dependency updates on windows platform. PK now suppresses the section "Dependency Updates" in case there are no dependency updates as initially requested in issue #343.
```

## Bug Fixes

> * #347: Fixed linfeeds in empty dependency updates on windows platform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* #347: Fixed linefeeds in empty dependency updates section on windows platform
```
